A big iceberg and back.
So continue on with our progress bar.
We only have two more days to add and then we're done with the structure.
So is the progress by Dave here.
Let's create some space between the elements so it'd be easy to see.
So inside the forest by Dave here just add another day of.
And this is going to have that class progress bar b.g. for background progress bar background.
And what this is going to be is a kind of darker grey colour you see here.
Okay.
And then in the second element going to add it's going to be the ownness the lighter colour that sits
on top here.
So inside that Dave just crave one more day of its going out the class to just progress.
This is actual progress of the progress bar.
And we're not going to put anything in here.
So if you want you can just keep on the same line so we can keep those two on the same on this one because
nothing's going to go inside this differe here.
So we have added two divs there the progress bar background our progress div gains are safer.
And I'll show you.
We're going to do with them.
So it's on air we about to Dave's pro barber down in progress and the progress bar hugger said is he
can have that dark grey colour.
So let's go ahead and give it that so background colour.
And I the cologne he uses for 0 4 0 4 0.
Okay you're a C anything yet because we haven't given you a whit through high yet.
Does he give us a height of 4 pixels.
Obviously you can play around that as you like.
But then we're going to get width of 100 percent and now you see the progress bar background itself.
So let's get rid of these square corners let's just give the border radius of let's say two pixels because
it's a fairly small line.
So with only the whole lot of radius and you see it now is curved on the edges and that's it.
Sorry it demaree about the fact this not in the centre.
Yeah.
That's fine.
But copy and paste those and then go back to your style as yes s and Member this one's for progress
bar background so progress bar b g like that.
I like that paste and they're saving up hurtfully you still see it and there it is.
So a last thing to do are these two new deaves we added is just to start the progress one.
And in this room we're going to do background colour.
Is it going to be a 0 8 0 8 0 which is this cover again this grey that we've used.
And you won't see anything with this yet again.
Let's also give this a height of four pixels like that.
And then when I say width zero.
David onagawa ANY with the epk is the with these and be decided depending how long is left of the song.
Okay so with zero.
And then finally a broader radius is going to be two big cells again.
Kaser just matches the the background of game.
And that's it.
That's it for that.
And I'm showing in a minute wasco and what is going to do when we change the width.
So you just got the in place those for now go back to your style at C S S in add a progress style like
this progress save that refresh the page as measure is still there.
And you see we still have our style.
So with this fudges change the high right here so you can see let's say a 10 percent like that you see
that one we increase the width the progress bond goes along and that's what we won.
So every time the song moves forward we're going to be updating this width depending on how left.
So for now just keep it as zero.
And we will come back to that when we actually have songs to play.
But that's it.
We're done with that.
But it's you can't get this in the centre or you need to do is add some style to this progress bar piira.
Here is one line.
Just gonna give you a little bit of margin.
So margin top at Cisco three pixels in another seeking increases as you like so you can make it five
pictures if you really want our fingers off top of my head I think I've used three pixels on my actual
site which you see isn't quite centred here.
But I'll tell you why we won a used three is because we're going change the font of these.
And when we changed the fun is going to be a slightly larger or smaller font.
So we'll keep it three for now we can come back to that if we want to change that later.
So remember this classical progress bar so they want to hear but we're not just going to add it to the
progress bar dev right here.
The reason being we're going to use a similar div when we come to create the volume slider which is
looks very very similar to this progress slider Okay.
So really we're a bit more specific with our Selecter.
We're going to say play back bar space progress bar.
So mardin top three pixels.
And the reason we're going to add this part well is so that it only adds the three bits of margin to
the ones that are within the playback by the playback bar this whole thing right here because the volume
cida won't have this play by a while.
So it won't add the three pixel margin.
Okay.
And we don't know whether we can add that to the volume or not.
We can address that when we actually come to implement the volume slider.
Okay.
So now just put that in there and we can address the volume slider one as we get to it.
So save that versus page.
And that should be it.